[DO-357] Define External Box as a key concept (#129)
th2-net/th2-docs: content/docs/versions/1-7/fundamentals/key-concepts.md

> The CR contains information such as Docker image and version, resources, pins, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom resource (CR) contains information on Docker image, version, resources and pins.
```

> A set of boxes (in the form of CRs) is provided in infra-schema in a Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of boxes (in the form of CRs) is provided in *infra-schema* in a Git repository.
```

Reviewer: @Hdd87 for infra schema it should be bold or add appropriate link to repo.

> ## External Box

Reviewer 2: Please add blank lines between blocks of text.

```suggestion
## External Box

```

> To set the external box option enable the `externalBox` field of a custom resource to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the external box option, enable the `externalBox` field of a CR to `true`.
```

> With this option you can run any th2 box runtime on your local machine like it is already a part of the kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this option you can run any th2 box runtime on your local machine like it is already the part of the Kubernetes cluster.
```

> To set the external box option enable the `externalBox` field of a custom resource to `true`.
> With this option you can run any th2 box runtime on your local machine like it is already a part of the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: It is better to start definition with "Something is". 

Suggestion is not final variant. It can be improved.

```suggestion
External Box is the optional work mode of the box. Using this box in this mode you can run any th2 box runtime on your local machine like it is already a part of the Kubernetes cluster.
```

> This feature is very useful for temporarily running scripts for specific tasks (including testing activities). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is very useful for temporarily running scripts for the specific tasks (including testing activities). 
```

External boxes can also be used to test and debug a new th2 box or run th2 boxes only when required.

## Module

> While a box is a particular instance in th2 implementation, a *module* is the functional unit within the th2 framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While a box is a particular instance in the th2 implementation, a *module* is the functional unit within the th2 framework. 
```

> th2 *modules* are responsible for a wide range of functionalities associated with specific software testing actions, such as connecting to external systems, sending and receiving messages, performing rule-based checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
th2 *modules* are responsible for a wide range of functionalities associated with the specific software testing actions, such as connecting to external systems, sending and receiving messages, performing rule-based checks.
```

Reviewer: @Hdd87 modules shouldn't be in italics. I don't see it when I edit the line, but they are when just viewing.

The CR contains information such as Docker image and version, resources, pins, etc. 
A set of boxes (in the form of CRs) is provided in infra-schema in a Git repository.

## External Box

> _External box_ is an option that allows users to run any th2 box runtime on a local machine like it is already a part of the Kubernetes cluster. 

Author: ```suggestion
_External box_ is an optional feature that allows users to run any th2 box runtime on a local machine like it is already a part of the Kubernetes cluster. 
```

> To enable this work mode, configure the custom resource to `extended-settings.externalBox.enable:true` 

Author: ```suggestion
To enable this work mode, configure the custom resource to `extended-settings.externalBox.enabled:true` 
```
